Yeah. Sorry. Recording.
OK, let me know what the warning.
Yeah, we'll do a quick stand up and I guess then we can work on the things we need to finish.
So first Max wanted to do yesterday.
Did you run into any problems and what are you going to do today?
Umm, what did I do yesterday?
Uh, no.
****.
What did I do?
I worked on filling in the learning lock, so learning log is all done now.
Good.
Uh work log is almost done because we're not on Friday yet, so I still have to.
Mm-hmm.
And that's tomorrow.
A pair of view is all done I think.
No, I still have to do it on Friday.
OK.
Uh, but first I put in my smarter goals because I I hadn't done that yet in my homework.
Did that?
Uh, and today I'm gonna work on trying to rewrite my report for blog B.
OK.
Uh, but that shouldn't take that long because I just have to do it.
Yes.
According to the FBI standards, what else?
Ohh I I'm gonna take a look into the excellent criteria for ILO 7.1, which says industry standards tools are used to document the codes.
Thanks.
For example, I'm gonna take a look into that because Michael's also here and he managed to do it, and he's also gonna help me do that right now.
OK.
So yeah, that's what I'm gonna do.
Thank you.
That's what I'm gonna do first and block B is is gonna be done afterwards.
So first I'm gonna, uh, try to do and the excellent criteria for iOS 7.
OK, sounds good.
Umm.
Then Mora, what are you going to do today?
What did you do yesterday and any problems?
Yeah.
Going you're absolutely bye.
Bye Sir Isaac Raphael.
Night.
Because it's lying. Feedback.
Yeah, I knew you said hello.
The mommy of need.
Yeah, Annabelle.
Yes.
OK, excited.
Ohh, I said, I worked on my learning log yesterday and today I will finished the Bloxy retake and evidence everything as well As for blog teeth.
OK, no problems.
I think, umm, no.
OK.
Umm.
Then Michal same questions for you.
They thank you.
This is also including insufficient team for that spot, my dear.
Uh, yesterday I ah, uh, I feel that a bit of work, but that they didn't do that much.
I think OK, not too much is online, right?
Obviously you too.
But today, though, the learning looks like last illos the peer review.
OK.
Just generally all the logs that we have for uh, yeah, that's what I'll do.
Uh yeah.
Were you guys also gonna work on that?
Excellent.
Cartier pilot.
Yeah.
Three, exactly.
Yeah, what about this?
They uh for me, yesterday I worked on mostly the presentation.
I didn't do a lot of extra work and I have no problems and today I will work on finishing ethics, making sure it looks all OK and then finishing my work log until today and then tomorrow I will do the peer review and the last day of my work log.
Can you also take a look into if everything is evidenced properly for IO3 and the the the the links if the links we have are good, then I'm also gonna do that for the other iOS.
OK. Yes.
Pickle.
And I'm not sure if you guys saw, but Alishan posted the meeting schedule and we're having the retrospective at our usual time, just like 9:30.
OK, cool.
At school.
And do we have anything after that or that's just, I mean we don't have plan, sure.
So this will be like, OK, I'll just look.
Uh, I'm not sure I will ask him tomorrow.
OK.
Why did he do it like that using?
I have no idea.
What the ****?
But yeah, also they didn't post the medal.
Things right.
What?
Like, who's going to be top three?
Like, how would anyone know that they have to present tomorrow or not?
And.
Oh really?
They did it yesterday, but you probably left already, you know.
And it's not us.
No.
I mean, I I left at 4:30.
I mean, did they do it after that?
I yeah, probably.
After uh, at five, I don't 5.
OK.
But he could have at least put it online, but OK.
Well, we're not at anyways, so.
OK, good.
Doesn't matter.
Do you wanna schedule another meeting for later today to see how far I wanna come?
Yeah, sure. One.
Especially with with either three and seven.
Yeah.
Uh, around 4.
You had fun.
Hmm.
Find my me.
OK.
And or is everyone?
Is everyone OK before?
Yeah.
Good doing.
Yep.
OK.
Then I will see you guys at 4.
OK, chow.
OK.
Bye bye.
Hello.
Good luck.
Getting my.